narrator: this drives the full v3 contract lifecycle end-to-end.
narrator: the smoke script deploys the contract and seeds wallets.
narrator: register_circle binds a deployed contract to a tailnet ID.
narrator: the script sleeps to let the deploy tx confirm on chain.
narrator: create_tailnet records the chain-side circle metadata.
narrator: open_session anchors a paid session against the contract.
narrator: each step waits 18 seconds for the next block.
narrator: settle_claim emits a signed earnings record off-chain.
narrator: settle_confirm anchors the settlement on-chain.
narrator: the chain now mirrors the off-chain hash chain.
narrator: a local replay recomputes the chain and matches the anchor.
narrator: settlement equality is the contract-side honesty proof.
narrator: claim_earnings pulls the operator payout from the contract.
narrator: an overclaim is rejected — the bond enforces the cap.
narrator: slash would fire here if the bond were exceeded.
narrator: anchor rotation begins — the round closes cleanly.
narrator: the smoke script verifies every intermediate state.
narrator: ok and fail banners are scoped per step.
narrator: the smoke prints PASSED — the v3 lifecycle is green.
narrator: every contract surface has been exercised.